(a) What are some Pros and Cons of Agile development (vs non-Agile)? List 2 each.
    Pros: Adaptability - Since the method focuses on iterative development the user can work with the customer throughout the development of the product.
          Collaboration - It is easy to collaborate with other workers as the project is split up into chunks that can be worked on independently and then brought together.
    Cons: Not Focused - Agile methodology tends to focus on numerous goals at once which can lead to lack of focus on certain key areas that need to be completed.
          Lack of Documentation: Documentation is not a high priority in the Agile methodology, so this can result in confusing and messy projects.

(b) Explain the role and responsibilities of the Scrum Master vs the Product Owner.
    A scrum master is responsible for keeping the team on track and adhering to agile methodoligies while the product owner is responsible for managing the scrum master, manage the product backlog, and create a product vision and roadmap.

(c) What are 3 types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle? List at least 2 points on what needs to be discussed during each of these meetings.
    Sprint planning meeting: Goal of the sprint, prioritization of the issues on the backlog
    Daily stand-up meetings: Daily progress on tasks and goals, any obstacles that may be halting progress
    Sprint review meeting: Were goals accomplished, product review, feedback from stakeholders

(d) Differentiate between Epic, Story, Bug, and Task issue types in JIRA
    Epic: A large story that can be broken down into many different stories and often spans multiple sprints. This is usually a large feature implementation or whole project plan.
    Story: A smaller feature that delivers value to the end user. These can normally be done in one sprint.
    Bug: A defect or error in the product that results in unintentional behavior. These can range from product-breaking or very minor issues.
    Task: A small specific action of work that is assigned to a worker and normally completed in a day or two. Not normally providing value to the end user, however, makes up a story with other tasks that will.
